hi guys today on divas can cook we are
making man please and meatloaf one of my
husband's favorite meatloaf recipe that
I cannot wait to share with you so let's
get started all right we're gonna start
by adding some butter into a large
skillet let that melt and then we're
gonna throw in our onions now sometimes
I even add in some celery and some green
peppers that's really good but today
we're gonna keep it simple and just
throw in those onions and next we're
gonna add in some garlic all right
just let that cook for a bit and now
just pour all of that into a bowl a
large bowl butter and all gonna leave
that butter now don't drain that butter
all right so then you gonna add in your
lean ground beef add that right in there
with the onions and stir it up a little
bit and I have some slightly beaten eggs
go ahead and pour that in and next we're
gonna add in our spices if you want to
print this recipe out and you want all
the measurements and all that kind of
stuff go to my blog TV and cook calm I
have tips and all that good stuff right
okay so we edit in our spices and now
it's time to add that barbecue sauce I'm
using sweet baby Ray's I love that sauce
but you can use whatever kind you what
and actually also gonna add in some of
that chili sauce and some worser Shire
sauce alright and some milk keep it nice
and moist and now I have some buttered
bread crumbs i toasted up go ahead throw
those in there as well okay I'm just go
ahead and take your hands and just kind
of get everything combined and well
distributed if you don't like touching
me you can use a spatula a rubber
spatula or you can work love whatever I
like to touch my meatloaf I have two
it's just not natural not to okay so you
go ahead and get that nice and mixed in
BAM just like that perfect all right now
I'm gonna use that pan that I cook my
onions in I'm gonna do like a little
test patty just to make sure that the
seasonings are on point that it's
flavorful and that I like it and if you
don't like it go ahead and add in more
spices or whatever but I thought it was
perfect so it is ready to go I'm gonna
go ahead and take that meat and just add
it to my loaf pan just pile it on in
there I'm using my rubber spatula to
kind of press it down to get out any air
pockets
right and now I'm gonna make a simple
little sauce to go on top just some
ketchup and chilli sauce I mixed
together and next I'm gonna use some
chargrilled barbecue sauce if you can't
find chargrilled barbecue sauce then you
can just add in some hickory smoke to
your regular barbecue sauce or some
liquid smoke and it gives it kind like a
grilled charcoal type you know flavor -
it's really good
all right so go ahead and spread that on
to the top of your meatloaf okay I use
half that mixture beautiful a beautiful
okay now my oven is already preheated to
350 I'm gonna pop this in the oven for
about 30 minutes and after 30 minutes
I'm gonna pull it out and put the rest
of that salt on there okay and then let
that cook for about another 30 minutes
or until it's done all right and it'll
come out looking like this beautiful
thing I sprinkled it with some green
onion flakes you can use parsley or just
leave it playing don't really matter and
now after you have set for a while you
want to slice it up in big old thick
slices that's how we like it in my
family nice big slices and this meatloaf
is so juicy but yet firm it's full of
flavor and I really really like it I
served it with some skele-toes some
roasted green beans um what else
some nice rolls and sweet tea that is it
dinner is done I hope you guys enjoyed
this recipe you can get it at Lee Wilson
construct by
you